                                        '''Quiz: Getting Started with Go (Answers)'''

1. You reviewed Go basics and are deploying your Go app to a Google Cloud serverless platform. What are the advantages of using a Google Cloud serverless platform?

Correct - Zero server management, no up-front provisioning, auto-scaling, and paying only for the resources used.

Since these are all Google Cloud serverless platforms, you use the same code to deploy the Go app to all of the platforms.

After provisioning, the Go app can run on multiple platform types, for example Cloud Functions and App Engine, at the same time.

After you configure access to one Google serverless platform, the Go app can access all.


2. Which of the following Google Cloud serverless platforms support Go apps? (Choose the best answer.)

Correct - All platforms mentioned

Compute Engine, App Engine, and Cloud Run

Google Kubernetes Engine

Cloud Functions


3. Time to test your app. When testing a Go app on different Google Cloud serverless platforms, you...

Correct - Use the same Go app source code for each platform.

Use the same Go functions to deploy to each platform.

Update the Go app source code for each platform.

Use the same source code, but different interpreters for each platform.


4. Go is a compiled language. What's one advantage to being a compiled language?

Correct - A compiled language does not require a runtime like Node, Python, or JDK to execute.

Using a compiled language makes an application more secure when deployed to Google Cloud.

A compiled language is more accurate than an interpreted language when run in App Engine and Cloud Run.

There is less code to manage for a compiled language.


5. You use an interface to specify object behavior. An interface is a set of methods. What does the interface type do?

Correct - Implements Go interfaces.

Configures access to the data.

Specifies what platform the Go app runs on.

Defines the packages in the “main” package.


6. You want to deploy your Go app to Cloud Functions. The two types of Cloud Functions are...

Correct - HTTP and Background functions

Group functions

NAT and NFV functions

Create and drop functions


7. To connect to Cloud services to retrieve data...

You use different code to retrieve data from each data platform.

Correct - You create a package that retrieves the data and then imports your “main” package.

You use the same package to run the Go on all Google Cloud platforms using the same line of code.

You configure the cloud services to automatically connect and run the Go app.


8. To test your Go app before deploying to a Cloud platform...

Correct - Use the testing and httptest packages from the standard library.

Install an Apache web server on your local machine to test the Go app.

Run the Go app on a simple emulator provided from the Golang website.

If the Go app compiled without an error, there is no need to test the app.


9. You’ve been asked by Marketing to create a Go app to retrieve user data. You can deploy to either Cloud Functions or App Engine. Since you haven’t used Go in a while, you need to review the basics. You know Go is made up of linked packages. But what's the first source code to get executed?

Correct - The “main” package.

The package that contains the Go application source code.

The package that specified the data source

The package specifying the platform on which the Go app runs.


10. Now that you think about it, maybe you should deploy to App Engine. What's an advantage to using App Engine?

Correct - App Engine can scale up and down as workloads fluctuate.

App Engine is the best platform for container based applications.

App Engine is event-driven to provide the best event driven response times possible.

App Engine specializes in compiled languages like Go and Java to make it the most powerful platform for apps written in these programing languages.